What i do
Mr. Bern Mikuru is good
Because the other 4 loading Today gonna want ate
Apparently today 's Haruko- like activity is a rush to stop
A quick sound is also known, but get something like this with more skill on the left side
And the cost is free, that's just what old people used to say
I mean there is nothing scary than free problem is Haruhi was that you are not at all scared of it
If there is something that looks scary of this guy, by all means 5
Taki We Contact
ana
Ah ah ah ah
me
hai
What a gift for good children
I have to do this
Model or cancer Kke you there is such a hobby
It is a hobby of one day that I am not
Suzumiya
It's a big deal too
Speaking
What is it? It will be a cultural festival soon
What are you guys doing now ? Why ask me
If you think that a proper answer will come back after you ask Suzumiya, it will say nothing even if you ask
Asahina-san is awkward to approach and another man is unhappy
That's why I asked you
Do I have external affairs of a mere your one and only Son
There will be at least at school
I know you 're going to be worried if you're walking in front of you, but you're walking together
Yeah But it looks to the guy such a relationship too good
Even if you know it, you already know you
aoa
It is the Do not wonder awaits those not even in six to one to come earlier to end up with Desire path
Know Datte I
Someone who is walking with me is not just me
There are at least three other people just because I know
It will be safe if two of them are left alone
Asahina-san is in danger
I can not predict anything that happens to myself that I can not even think of a client
I also thing that naturally think Nya I is Yara guarded
How nice
It spreads
Well very much what we are also in strange it I thought that it was his voice
Please
Oops 6
4 It is well suits
If you look like that, you will understand
Why waitress It will be a coffee shop not know that I mean being in this material
Thing
That's
Mikuru also
I'll get it to the movies
Ha ha ha
It is inconvenient with usual maid clothes
Feeling okay
There is a private service activity in the four-day residence of tea
Work
The waitress is different or not many at the store
Will but does not mean anyway Asahina's purpose is it happened in order to do that
Good from
Don't worry about things
It is a problem I can not help
How about Sahina at best ?
I March
Because
Okay this about is upstream
Well then, it 's a no- nonsense match for a star battle .
This movie's concept Gackiesu
I decided to focus on entertainment as the sos team leader
Hey since Miseru by a home page without leaving the audience Tsu Orchestra
Edge top
Is event
I do not know what it is, but it seems to be a costume for a fortune-telling competition that the class apparently
Kind of came gone and will lead the Nagato word answer to the barrage of questions one day
Even so, what is it like to walk from here to the classroom like that?
The old burial lower is perfect as soon as I was thinking
Said Tsu's what it says
This
Bach This means that the snowflake of the cage
Now
How should I say this? It is a cast like Mr. Suzumiya really
It's great, don't make me smile
Become a doctor
Standing
Excuse me
Let's use it for the icebreaker of the Kyon name
I'm going to study science clean tomorrow, and I also have to remember how to handle Fabera
No
There is no problem with taking it
Kan who was not a problem with his behavior
I do not have even that would not be laughing Semaa not laugh Another is to be pessimistic
Why seen do if because Paca is because it's early in the movie Rat uh-san I really
I do not think that I am a psychic boy
Is set as it psychics boy made per Koizumi that I play is not fiction that movie
Only because
Not everyone would confuse the characters in the movie with the actors they are playing
Also it does not apply to the temple's not as I have if
There is no guarantee that it is correct to say of you I wonder can not do it either so much peace of mind, such'm
If she is a man who is crumbling reality and fiction
This picture has long been a fantastic world
As I said before, Mr. Suzumiya is the owner of realistic thinking
It is because I realize that the realistic thinking of one day that I know is a god in my hand
It's because I'm involved in a number of serious incidents
And Haruhi is completely unaware
I 'm not going to show evidence to Mr. Suzumiya
Maybe it is time to come to such a situation
It is also in the